feat(components): [scrollbar] add `end-reached` event (#20812)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/scrollbar.md

:::

## Infinite scroll ^(2.9.11)

> :::demo When the end of the scroll is reached `endReached` is called. It can be used for infinite scroll.

Reviewer: If you want to support four directions in the future, then it's best to call it `bottom-reached` or something like that.

:::

> ## Infinite scroll ^(2.9.12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Infinite scroll ^(2.10.0)
```
We'll add a new component in next version, so need to change the minor version.

> :::demo When the end of the scroll is reached `bottom-reached` is called. It can be used for infinite scroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::demo `end-reached` is triggered when the scrollbar reaches the end. It can be used as an infinite scroll.
```

### Events

| Name                  | Description                                           | Type                                                               |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| scroll                | triggers when scrolling, return distance of scrolling | ^[Function]`({ scrollLeft: number, scrollTop: number }) => void`   |

> | end-reached ^(2.9.12) | triggers when the end of a scroll is triggered        | ^[Function]`(direction: 'top'\|'bottom'\|'left'\|'right') => void` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| end-reached ^(2.10.0) | triggers when the end of a scroll is triggered        | ^[Function]`(direction: 'top'\|'bottom'\|'left'\|'right') => void` |
```
